hey this j a bringing you another map
from the onslaught dlc map pack this one
of course is called containment i'm
going to show you it in a bunch of
different game modes I've got some
search and rescue that I'm playing right
now then we're going to switch over to
some domination then we'll finish it up
with some Kill Confirmed and also at the
end of this i'm going to show you the
field order that you can get the special
one for this map and also where the
easter egg and I literally mean easter
egg is for this map so make sure you
stay tuned to the very end but this is
of course as I said search and rescue a
great game mode to rank up fast you get
some crazy points if you can take some
people out in it and I tell you what
it's becoming one of my favorite game
modes I'm so glad that they put this
mosh pit and I was kind of forced to
play this I'm just having a really good
time if you got a team with you this is
a fun game mode to play you know I'm not
the greatest Search and Destroy play
here so this one is more forgiving and
it adds a nice little twist so I really
like this game own it plays pretty well
on this map but let's move into a more
comfortable game type for me and that is
domination I tell you what though I do
not like this map for domination as much
if you get going against a good team
that has the a B side it is extremely
hard to unprivate em from that side and
I guess if you're going against any good
team that is playing domination it's
going to be really hard but I found you
know just trying to get the ad side is
really hard in this game I've held it
with my team this other side and we have
just completely dominated the other team
I just cannot find a good route to get
over into here you know here I got lucky
because they started going for the sea
flag but you know so i think this map
could use a little tweaking when it
comes to domination but maybe I just
haven't played it enough for you know
got enough experience on it now I will
say this this is one of the more easier
maps to get accustomed to and get a good
feel for the map and how its laid out
you know basically there's two sides
with a ravine in the middle on the one
side is the church and I don't see a
whole lot of action in that map you know
a lot of times people are going to be
sitting up and they're sniping from that
side but
I think most of the action happens on
this other side and I was on the B flag
that's above the cafe or the bar and
then over here on this side this is
where the liquor store is or that's what
I call it I think it's a liquor store
whatever it is but you know you see a
lot of action in this part of the map so
if you want to get some kills hang out
on this side and I think you're going to
be happy with how fast it plays now it
is a larger map I mean not super big or
anything like that so it is a little bit
slower but like I said if you hang out
on this side I think it moves a little
bit faster and there's a lot of
passageways or close encounter areas
that you know it's going to help you out
now I think this is an AR map that's
what I would run on it i do see people
sniping on it and i think there are a
lot of good places for that but mostly a
our engagements at least that's what's
feeling pretty comfortable to me i guess
if you are running around in these
buildings then you can run it with a
shotgun or an SMG but i think you have
to make some long lines of sight shots
sometimes where an AR is really going to
come in handy like shooting across the
map right there now as far as
killstreaks you know of course depending
on which game mode you're playing your
ear streaks are going to do fairly well
on this map you know i'm using the
Trinity rockets and the Griffin and the
helo pilot all those were doing pretty
well I kind of switched out the Griffin
for an attack helicopter because I just
wanted to focus around moving around the
map a little bit more so I think those
are going to work really well for you I
had a sentry gun up on the beef flag
that was holding some people in the
church and doing well so there are some
nice places for sentry guns but this is
the church side there is some
interactive pneus over on this side you
can create this doorway right here and
take that out that will give you another
route out of this building I think
there's another interactive part over on
the other side of the map where you can
take down a window so there's little
things like that nothing major that I
found as of yet if you guys know
anything make sure you leave them for me
but this is the other side of the map
the bridge is in the middle I would
recommend staying off the bridge or just
being very careful as you approach it a
lot of people like to snipe down it plus
you have people on top of the bar to my
left sniping down it there are a lot of
areas and it just becomes really deadly
so I wouldn't recommend doing what I'm
doing right now you know use one of the
sizes kind of flank around
now you will see a lot of people though
hiding out there are a lot of good areas
a lot of good cover to be really sneaky
in so just be aware of that watch your
corners as my friend creamy says and
just kind of watch the bushes and those
billboards science and those places on
the bridge it's got to be really careful
about that and there's especially this
one area of the map that seems to be a
lot of people laying down in a lot of
times it's right over here right
straight ahead you know I think I got
that one guy no I missed that one guy
but there's another guy just laying down
on the ground probably shouldn't have
come out again but I'm one of those
people are like to take out the people
that take me out so you don't watch this
area right here because usually there's
going to be some people sitting here now
I wanted to show you the field order for
this map when you get the Grim Reaper
one this is a special one it's a mortar
fire and to be honest with you I was
expecting something like the map warhawk
or something like the mat baby when you
get those things it's like Bam Bam Bam
you know things are exploding all over
the place the bells do toll the color of
your screen changes for some reason I'm
not exactly sure what's going on I don't
know if that has to do with the nuke or
maybe the new comes down in the middle
of map you know I don't know I have to
do some more checking on that if you
guys know the answer to that let me know
but it seems pretty uneventful if you do
come over on this side of the map this
is the bar side the cafe side this is a
garage with an apartment above it if you
shoot across back to the back side of
the map that that is where the Easter
egg is but hope this helps you out with
the map you know if you haven't bought
the map pack I hope these videos help
you out in making the decision whether
or not you want to but let me know if
you're getting questions as always so
take care and god bless hey if you liked
that video make sure you check out the
one I did for the map fog you can click
on the left picture and you'll go right
to that video or click on the right one
and you'll go to my easter egg video
where I show you how to get 10,000
experience points and also 20 gamerscore
if you want to please take the time and
thumb this up and leave me a comment let
me know what you like or what you didn't
like
you